Docs and examples for packages (#197)
webb-tools/webb.js: packages/sdk-core/README.md

# @webb-tools/sdk-core

> #  helpers for Zero-Knowledge and deposit notes it uses `wasm-utils`, and provider easier API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  Helpers for Zero-Knowledge and Note generation
The package provides a cleaner API to the underlying `wasm-utils`
```

# Deposit note

> The note contain the data.
> For the browser it runs inside wasm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The note contains data about a deposit
```
